{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang16393{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri Light;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Candara;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 System;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red55\green62\blue77;\red246\green247\blue248;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\qc\cf1\b\f0\fs32\lang9\par
\par
RC CRAFT CHALLENGE ABSTRACT FORMAT\par
\par

\pard\li720\ri616\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0 Guidelines for the submission of the abstract are as follows:\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\fi-360\li1222\ri616\sl240\slmult1\tx1350 Rename\b0  the .doc file as \ldblquote team name.doc\rdblquote  (example: zenith.doc where flyers will represent the team name) and email the file to \cf2\highlight3 rccraft@technoxian.com\cf0\highlight0\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Please fill in the information in the sections mentioned below.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Support your write up with appropriate \b images\b0  of your machine. Note that even photos of incomplete machine may be attached and if it is not at all possible to include the pictures then try and integrate 2d plans/CAD drawings in the abstract\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}This information shall be considered valuable for deciding Design. The abstract of your machine will be helpful everywhere in future as an evidence of your hard-work, along with determining your position for the competition. So please pay adequate attention to it.\par

\pard\hyphpar0\li1222\ri616\sl240\slmult1\tx1350\par

\pard\li1429\ri616\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard\li720\ri616\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b Please fill in the following details:\par
\b0 Team Name: \i\f1  \b\f2\fs44 FLYING FISH\b0\f1  \i0\f0   \fs32\par

\pard\li720\ri616\sa160\sl259\slmult0\tx2550 Team Leader\rquote s name \i\f3 :\i0\f1\fs36  MOHANKUMAR .K  \i\f3\fs32                      \i0\f0\tab\par

\pard\li720\ri616\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Contact Number: \fs36 9600412643\fs32\par
Frequency of Remote Control Panel:    \i\fs36 2.4 GHZ trsansmitter and receiver. \i0\fs32\par
\par

\pard\hyphpar0\li720\ri616\sa160\sl259\slmult0\tx1350 (In case of more than one frequency available, please write all the frequencies)\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard\li720\ri616\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b The details of the abstract will remain confidential with the manager of the event.\par

\pard\li720\ri616\sa160\sl259\slmult0\tx3105\tab\par

\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0 Fill in the information about your machine in the respective sections as mentioned below:\par
\par
\par
1. Briefly describe the machine design (electric parts specifications, dimensions, wing description, location of servos motors etc) along with the photographs taken during the making of the aircraft if necessary.\par
\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh7816\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9929 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\i\f4 Flying fish \i0 contains one brushless dc motor, two 9g servos , one 18g servo motor ,lithium polymer  battery and 2.4ghz transmitter and receiver,propellers and it has one electronic speed controller(ESC).\par
\par
1\i .\b\fs36 BLDC 2200KV\b0\i0\fs32 -Brushless dc motor (outrunner motor) has a weight of 50 grams .The maximum current is 34A and max. voltage is 7.4V  to 11.1V from 2S to 3S.  It has a power of  342 watts. The size of the shaft is 3.17mm.It rotates witha speed of 24420RPM for 11.1v.\par
\par
2.\b\i\fs40 9g servo motor\b0\fs32  \i0 -The torque carrying capacity is 1.8 Kg per cm.The dimensions are (Length-23mm,width-12.2mm,height-29mm). The voltage capacity is 6V.\par
\par
3.\b\i\fs40 18g servo motor\b0\i0\fs32 - The dimensions are (38*11.5*24)mm.The torque carrying capacity is 2.4kg per cm.The voltage rating is 4.8v to 6v.\par
\par
4.\b\i\fs40 LIPO Battery\b0\i0\fs32 - IT has 2200 mAh .The voltage capacity is 11.1V and the discharging capacity is 30 coulombs.\par
\par
5.\b\i\fs40 Remote\b0\i0\fs32 -2.4ghz transmitter and receiver is used as a remote ,and it has 6 channel.The range is between from half kilometer to 1 kilometer based on resilience.\par
\par
6.\b\i\fs40 ESC\b0\i0\fs32 - Electronic speed controller it has current capacity of 30A basically. But  for flying fish i used 40A because of 2200kv BLDC.Initially i used 30A ESC and later i used 40A ESC because of more heat.\par
\par
7.\b\i\fs40 propellers\b0\i0\fs32  -Flying fish has slow fly propellers and it has a sie of 10*4.7. 4.7 is a pitch so the plane moves 10mm for 1 rotation of the propeller.\par
  \par
 \cell\row 
\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\f0\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 2. Explain the mechanisms used in machine manoeuvring and also list the type of actuators you have used.\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft135\trrh5149\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx10272 
\pard\intbl{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Flying fish has mainly 4 controls. There are  throttle , rudder , elevator and aileron. The 9g servos are used for rudder and elevator control .so the degree of freedom are only 2 for both rudder and elevator from its normal plane.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}And for aileron i used the 18g servo for controlling.The ailerons fixed in the wing also have 2 degrees of freedom but the two ailerons moved in opposite direction only .Because the 2 ailerons are controlled only by one 18g servo and the ailerons are connected to the servo oppositely.And for throttle i used the BLDC it makes the plane to move forward.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}For take off we have to increase the throttle  and control the elevator downwards it makes to go up and for balancing control the ailerons it keeps the plane in normal position and for left right use the rudder to control it.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}The controls for pitch are control the rudder using one 9g servo motor after takeoff ,it makes the plane to move left or right and also changing the directions by reversing the control.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}The controls for rolling are keep the throttle in constant speed after takeoff and control the ailerons using  18g servo motor  it makes rolling in clockwise or anticlockwise ,for opposite directions we have reverse the controls.  \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}The controls for yaw are control the elevator using another  9g servo motor after the take off.It makes the plane to flip. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}I  added the pictures of flying fish as another file in my mail so i kindly request u to see  that pictures of flying fish.\par

\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\f4\cell\row 
\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\f0\par
3. Mention the material used for fabrication, weight of the aircraft.\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh4833\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9933 
\pard\intbl{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\f4 For fabrication of the body  i choose the coroplast(corrugated plastic) for body of the plane and also foam for wings.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}coroplast made of polycarbonate with a neutral PH factor.coroplast is usually made from polypropellene which is capable of being recycled.The material is commonly used to erect commercial ,political,or other types of signs and for constructing plastic containers and reusable packaging .\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}And i used the foam for wings because foam is a substances that is formed by trapping pockets of gas in liquid or solid.stabilization of the foam are caused by vanderwaals forces between molecules in the foam,electriacal  double layers created by dipolar surfactants and the margoni effect which act as a restoring force to the lamellae.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}The weight of  body of the  plane is 750 grams.And based on that weight i designed the wing .And also it have some electronic parts .\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}so the total weight of the flying fish is 1kg .\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}In designing my team is mainly concentrated on weight of the plane so somewhat my team done that thing.\par

\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1   \cell\row 
\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\f0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\li862\sa160\sl259\slmult0 4. Describe the innovation if any that you have done in the aircraft.\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh6004\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9923 
\pard\intbl{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\f4 Not a great innovations in flying fish.Mainly my team concentrated on designing and fabrication works.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}And it is  my best  team  enginnering project .Because we mainly concentrated on decrease the weight of the plane so we search for very long period and finally we decided the coruggated plastic and foam .\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}And my team really happy and very interested to participate in the event of yours.For that, my team seriously working very longer time  and developed the flying fish.I hope my team will be selected and participate in the event conducted by yours.\par

\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
                                  \b\i\f5\fs52 "FLYING  FISH" \fs32  \b0\i0\f4\cell\row 
\pard\li862\sa160\sl259\slmult0\f0\par
\par

\pard\li1222\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\tx3477 *last date for the submission of the abstract is on or before   15\super th\nosupersub  Aug- 2016.\par

\pard\li502\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
}
 